# Project-Phase-1

## Structure

I have structured my work in such a way that I have 6 html files and css files each , namely home, education, projects, skills, contact and about. Each file has its own features. While the home page largely introduces to the structure , I have added icons which on clicking will take you to my profiles and give you further  info about me. The skills page introduces you to my technical and non-technical skills, each having its own briefing. While the projects page contains the links to my earlier projects, the contact page gives people a way to contact me if and when they are impressed with my works, or have some queries to follow up. While its true that the education page might just look like it contains the details, clicking on the pictures I have provided will take you to the original websites where you can further have a look. About page just gives you a brief into my interests and my positives. I have designed it in such a way that looking at the code is also easier, so that it doesnt confuse you with a lot of information.

## Process

I had first started designing the home page , because that had to be the default page, and I wanted to have a clear layout that I could follow for all my pages. At first I thought of adding a brief of myself in the home page itself, but I wanted the home page to look a bit free to view and not crumbled and decided to create a separate file for the about me section. While styling the home page was easy, footer required some time to be worked upon, largely because I wanted to make sure it looked good because the header and footer would remain the same for all the pages. Later on , I removed the footer for some pages because I felt that was unnecessary and wanted my home page to be the main pathway to view my profiles, apart from the contact me section. The most difficult part was to ensure the header page looked good and remained the same in all the pages. Also I had to work a bit harder on the projects page to ensure it looked presentable and easy to view. Responsiveness was something I struggled a lot, as I was constantly checking to make sure it looked good on the laptop, my phone as well as on tablet. I wanted to make sure that I was not compromising on the end product. This project gave me so much satisfaction as I found myself to be good in presenting and it gave me an opportunity to learn a lot , I learnt responsiveness in detail, along with the flex and grid properties. Also the number of times I tried to make sure the pages looked good instilled a sense of happiness within myself, as I was happy that I was trying to do it on my own and the end result seems to be close to how I would have wanted it to be.
